Update out-of-resource.md (#14890)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource.md

compute resource. In those cases, the `kubelet` can reclaim the starved
resource by proactively failing one or more Pods. When the `kubelet` fails
a Pod, it terminates all of its containers and transitions its `PodPhase` to `Failed`.

> If the evicated Pod is part of e.g. a Deployment, another Pod will be created and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the evicted Pod is part of e.g. a Deployment, the Deployment will create another Pod to be
```
(spelling, plus using active voice as per website style guide)

What do you think @woosley ?

compute resource. In those cases, the `kubelet` can reclaim the starved
resource by proactively failing one or more Pods. When the `kubelet` fails
a Pod, it terminates all of its containers and transitions its `PodPhase` to `Failed`.

> If the evicted Pod is part of e.g. a Deployment, the Deployment will create another Pod to be

Reviewer 2: hello @woosley.
- Do you need `e.g.`? Instead, `If the evicted Pod is part of a Deployment,` or `If the evicted Pod is managed by a Deployment,`
- Would you capitalize `Kubernetes`.
